# CS-255

1. Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? - In our coursework we designed a system for DriverPass who were looking for a web-based system that would assist perspective driving students in passing their test and getting their driver's license. The owner of DriverPass wants to provide this service because they believe driver training is lacking and too many students are failing thier test with the DMV. DriverPass will prepare students for their driving test by giving then on road training and access to online content which will include classes and practice exams.   
    
2. What did you do particularly well? - I think I did a good job at laying out the "objectives and goals" for the system as well as the "functional" and "non-functional" requirements. During the project we had a transcript that included an interview with the owner and IT administrator for DriverPass. It took attention to detail to translate that interview into the requirements for the system. I feel my docuemnet provides the reader with the right level of detail for the design process to be continued by the developement team.    

3. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? - The UML class diagram took me a while to build as I kept getting into scenarios where I felt I would have to cross lines. I'd like to become more familair with these diagrams as I can see how useful they can be when building a system. My focus on revising the document would be their specifically making sure the diagram has all the relationships properly identified.

4. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? - I interpreted the users needs for DriverPass by studying the interview transcript and taking notes. Ideally a follow up meeting would have been setup for any outstanding questions. It is critical that you consider the user's needs when designing a system and equally important those needs are understood. Not doing so would run the risk of unsatisfied clients which can lead to the design being revised and the project not being delivered when expected and increasing cost or worse the client finding a new design team.
    
5. How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? I've only designed simple programs and admit I have skipped lots of the steps and techniques I learned in this course when doing so. I now understand the value of knowing what you want to design before you start developing it and how that can make the whole process easier. When you do the planning up front you can focus on the coding instead of both the design and the code. Going forward I'll think a lot more about the requirements and goals of programs I'm developing and perhaps even use some of the diagrams I learned in this course to put together a good plan before I start writing the code. Laying out that basic flow can make writing the programs much easier. 
